Minor improvements based on feeback (#93)
esp-rs/book: src/installation/index.md

See also [alternative installation methods][rust-alt-installation].

> > **Warning**: When using Windows, make sure you have installed one of the ABIs listed below. For more details, see the [Windows][rustup-book-windows] chapter in The rustup book.

Author: > Also, it seems like making Windows and Unix bold will improve the readability. If this seems logical, this can be added to the style guide.

It might make it easier to spot but other Rust book do not use bold for this.

```sh
espup install
```

> **Note**: `std` applications require installing additional software covered in [`std` Development Requirements][rust-esp-book-std-requirements]

### 3. Set up the environment variables
`espup` will create an export file that contains some environment variables required to build projects.

On Windows (`%USERPROFILE%\export-esp.ps1`)
  - There is **no need** to execute the file for Windows users. It is only created to show the modified environment variables.

On Unix based systems (`$HOME/export-esp.sh`). There are different ways of sourcing the file:
- Source this file in every terminal:
   1. Source the export file: `. $HOME/export-esp.sh`

   This approach requires running the command in every new shell.
- Create an alias for executing the `export-esp.sh`:
   1. Copy and paste the following command to your shell’s profile (`.profile`, `.bashrc`, `.zprofile`, etc.): `alias get_esprs='. $HOME/export-esp.sh'`
   2. Refresh the configuration by restarting the terminal session or by running `source [path to profile]`, for example, `source ~/.bashrc`.

   This approach requires running the alias in every new shell.

> - Add the environment variables to your shell`s profile directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the environment variables to your shell's profile directly:
```

   1. Add the content of `$HOME/export-esp.sh` to your shell ’s profile: `cat $HOME/export-esp.sh >> [path to profile]`, for example, `cat $HOME/export-esp.sh >> ~/.bashrc`.
   2. Refresh the configuration by restarting the terminal session or by running `source [path to profile]`, for example, `source ~/.bashrc`.

>    This approach **does not** requires any sourcing. The `export-esp.sh` script will be sourced automatically in every shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This approach **does not** require any sourcing. The `export-esp.sh` script will be sourced automatically in every shell.
```

    ```sh
    espup install
    ```
2. Set up the environment variables. `espup` will create an export file that contains some environment variables required to build projects:
    - Unix systems (`$HOME/export-esp.sh`). There are different ways of sourcing the file:
      - Source this file in every terminal:

>         1. Source the export file: `. $HOME/export-esp.sh`

Reviewer 2: This multi-level list is 4 levels deep. Suggest re-arranging the steps in this section to reduce the number of levels. Below is my suggestion and feel free to disregard it.

### 1. Install `espup`

To install `espup`, run:
```sh
cargo install espup
```

You can also directly download pre-compiled [release binaries] or use [cargo-binstall].

[release binaries]: https://github.com/esp-rs/espup/releases
[cargo-binstall]: https://github.com/cargo-bins/cargo-binstall

### 2. Install Necessary Tools

Install all the necessary tools to develop Rust applications for all supported Espressif targets by running:

```sh
espup install
```

### 3. Set up the environment variables

`espup` will create an export file that contains some environment variables required to build projects:

On **Unix based** systems -- (`$HOME/export-esp.sh`). There are different ways to source the file:

- Source this file in every terminal:
  1. Source the export file: `. $HOME/export-esp.sh`<br>
  This requires running the command in every new shell.
- Create an alias for executing the `export-esp.sh`:
  1. Copy and paste the following command to your shell’s profile (`.profile`, `.bashrc`, `.zprofile`, etc.): `alias get_esprs='. $HOME/export-esp.sh'`
  2. Refresh the configuration by restarting the terminal session or by running `source [path to profile]`, for example, `source ~/.bashrc`.<br>
  This requires running the alias in every new shell.
- Add the environment variables to your shell`s profile directly:
  1. Add the content of `$HOME/export-esp.sh` to your shell ’s profile: `cat $HOME/export-esp.sh >> [path to profile]`, for example, `cat $HOME/export-esp.sh >> ~/.bashrc`.
  2. Refresh the configuration by restarting the terminal session or by running `source [path to profile]`, for example, `source ~/.bashrc`.<br>
  The `export-esp.sh` script will be sourced automatically in every shell.

On **Windows** (`%USERPROFILE%\export-esp.ps1`)

- There is **no need** to execute the file for Windows users. It is only created to show the modified environment variables.

        - This requires running the command in every new shell.
      - Create an alias for executing the `export-esp.sh`:
        1. Copy and paste the following command to your shell’s profile (`.profile`, `.bashrc`, `.zprofile`, etc.): `alias get_esprs='. $HOME/export-esp.sh'`
        2. Refresh the configuration by restarting the terminal session or by running `source [path to profile]`, for example, `source ~/.bashrc`.

>         - This requires running the alias in every new shell.

Reviewer 2: This looks like a mixed number / bullet-point list which is unusual. Suggest placing this line directly after the upper-level bullet point like shown below, because this information might also influence the readers decision about whether to choose this method.

```
- Create an alias for executing the `export-esp.sh`:<br>
  (requires running the alias in every new shell)
  1. Copy and paste the following ...
  2. ...
```

      - Add the environment variables to your shell`s profile directly:
        1. Add the content of `$HOME/export-esp.sh` to your shell ’s profile: `cat $HOME/export-esp.sh >> [path to profile]`, for example, `cat $HOME/export-esp.sh >> ~/.bashrc`.
        2. Refresh the configuration by restarting the terminal session or by running `source [path to profile]`, for example, `source ~/.bashrc`.
        - The `export-esp.sh` script will be sourced automatically in every shell.

>     - Windows (`%USERPROFILE%\export-esp.ps1`)

Reviewer 2: The warning at the beginning of this chapter covers the requirements for Windows and then Unix-based systems. This section covers Unix-based systems first. Suggest sticking to the same order in both places.
